{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11640\viewh10400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Introduction
\fs24 \
TeXGyreHerosTXfonts is a combination of TeXGyreHeros for the Latin letters and the math font from the LaTeX txfonts package for the greek letters.  \
\

\fs36 Rationale Behind Selecting These Fonts
\fs24 \
I am a fan of Helvetica for its clean lines and its relatively heavy line weight. Since Helvetica is not free, I have chosen the free Helvetica clone, TeXGyreHeros.  Originally, I tried the Helvetica Clone, NimbusSansL, but it did not have diacritic characters (i.e. the "bars" and "hats" that are commonly used in math mode).\
  \
I chose the txfonts package for several reasons.  The txfonts package is a popular LaTeX font package with full math support, and it has recently been enhanced as the newtx package.  The line weight of the greek letters in the txfonts (newtx) package is comparable to TeXGyreHeros, and their shapes appeal to me.  The txfonts (newtx) package also has TeXGyreHeros as its sans-serif font.  Thus, one can easily load the txfonts (newtx) package into LaTeX and typeset equations that look nearly identical to equations created using matplotlib's mathtext and the TeXGyreHerosTXfonts.ttf font.\
\

\fs36 Significant Alterations\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}TeXGyreHeros (and Helvetica) is bigger than nearly all other fonts by about 10%.  Since TeXGyreHeros latin letters will often be next to greek letters from the txfonts package, the difference in height looks bad.  So I reduced the size of the TeXGyreHeros font by 10%.\
{\listtext	2.	}LaTeX uses upright uppercase Greek letters by default.  (For a discussion of why, see http://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/119248/why-latex-uses-upright-uppercase-greek-letters-by-default-in-math-mode) To maintain consistency with LaTeX, the italic version of TeXGyreHerosTXfonts uses upright uppercase greek letters.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\fs36 Notes on the Creation of the TrueType Files
\fs24 \
I reduced the size of the TeXGyreHeros font by 10%, in the following manner.  In FontForge, Edit > Select > Glyphs worth outputting.  Followed by, Element > Transformations > Transform, Select  Scale uniformly 90%, Glyph Origin.  \
\
When I went to save TeXGyreHeros as .ttf files, font forge pointed out that, "The convention is that TrueType fonts should have an Em-size which is a power of 2."  Each of the .otf font files have sizes of 1000. (In FontForge, Element > Font Info > General) Comparing the character sizes in TeXGyreHeros to those in a Helvetica.ttf, I decided to increase the size to 2^11 = 2048, and then save them as .ttf files.  \
\
I expected to use font forge to just combine the TeXGyreHeros fonts with the ntxmia and ntxmi fonts from the newtx package.  Unfortunately, ntxmia and ntxmi are virtual fonts, which combine characters from several fonts to make new virtual fonts.  Tracking everything down would have been a large effort. (see http://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/151872/convert-certain-newtx-fonts-to-truetype-or-opentype) Instead I noted that the primary fonts ntxmia and ntxmi pull from are txmia.pfb and rtxmi.pfb from the old txfonts package.  As far as I can tell, all the characters I care about (the greek letters) are in txmia.pfb and rtxmi.pfb.  Similar to TeXGyreHeros, I had to change the Em-size setting to 2048 when I saved txmia and rtxmi as .ttf files.\
\
The lowercase upright and italic greek letters from txmia.ttf and rtxmi.ttf, respectively, were then added to the TeXGyreHeros upright and italic truetype font files.  The uppercase upright greek letters from txmia.ttf were added to both TeXGyreHeros upright and italic truetype font files.\
\
I then placed the TeXGyreHerosTXfonts.ttf files in my mpl-data/fonts/ttf directory, rebuilt my font lists, and specified "TeXGyreHerosTXfonts" as my default font in Matplotlib. However, Matplotlib could not find TeXGyreHerosTXfonts. After much playing around, I found that the TeXGyreHerosTXfonts.tff files had an attribute called "Preferred Family". (In FontForge, go to Element > Font Info > TTF Names.) The "Preferred Family" was "TeX Gyre Heros" (with spaces between each word). I supplied Matplotlib the font filename, "TeXGyreHerosTXfonts". Once I deleted the "Preferred Family" attribute, then everything worked correctly.}