{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red205\green205\blue205;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12040\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Matplotlib does not have many fonts installed, not even Helvetica.  Follow the instructions below to manually install the provided fonts.  \
\
Note: If a font directory has a Source_Fonts directory, the source fonts can be ignored.  \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Find where Matplotlib stores its data.  Bring up a python interpreter.  At the prompt type the following two commands: \cb2 >>> import matplotlib\cb1  \cb2 >>> matplotlib.matplotlib_fname()\cb1 . You should get something like: \cb2 [username]/Library/Enthought/Canopy_64bit/User/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/matplotlibrc\cb1 \
{\listtext	2.	}Place the .ttf font files in: [username]/Library/Enthought/Canopy_64bit/User/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/fonts/ttf/\
{\listtext	3.	}Go to ~/.matplotlib/ and delete fontList.cache.  Next time matplotlib is imported the cache file will be rebuilt.\
{\listtext	4.	}Install the fonts on your system so they can be accessed by other applications like Adobe Illustrator and Inkscape.  \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}For Adobe Illustrator on a Mac, you can simply open the Font Book application (/Applications/Utilities/Font Book) and "drag and drop" the font files into the Font Book window.  \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}For Inkscape on a Mac, you must copy the font files into the main font folder, not the user font folder.  The main font folder is located at /Library/Fonts\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I do not know how to install fonts on Windows or Linux, but I am sure there are instructions online.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
See http://blog.olgabotvinnik.com/post/35807476900/how-to-set-helvetica-as-the-default-sans-serif-font-in  for more details.}